DDW Daily News - Saturday










                                News and information about DDW 2017 in Chicago ...



                                Open this in a browser if you are having trouble viewing this email.

































                                            The DDW Blog is the  online home of DDW Daily News. Click the links below for the latest articles and visit blog.ddw.org/ for additional coverage of the meeting. The blog is updated frequently with cutting-edge news from Chicago. At the convention center, be sure to pick up a print edition of the newspaper, which includes the new Exhibit Guide and Program sections. For additional information about all of the sessions and events highlighted in the newspaper, please refer to the DDW Mobile App.




















                                            Welcome to DDW® 2017!


                                            By DDW Council Chair Grace H. Elta, MD, AGAF, FASGE


                                            Posted date: May 6, 2017


                                            Digestive Disease Week® (DDW) is the first and foremost GI event in the world. It showcases top-tier research and offers high-quality sessions packed with the best science and clinical updates gastroenterologists can find anywhere. It is truly an international meeting that leads to patient care improvement around the globe. Learn more





















                                            Emerging endoscopic therapies will expand GI role in managing, treating obesity


                                            Posted date: May 6, 2017


                                            A panel of experts will discuss the practice implications of new and emerging endoscopic therapies for treating obesity during Saturday's ASGE Clinical Symposium Endoscopic Management of Obesity. Barham K. Abu Dayyeh, MD, MPH, provides a preview of the session. Learn more





















                                            AGA plenary on Sunday will feature the best basic science at DDW®


                                            Posted date: May 6, 2017


                                            Gut microbiome studies have powered their way to the top of basic gastroenterology science. Reflecting that trend, half of the abstracts that will be presented during Sunday's AGA Basic Science Plenary deal with commensal or pathogenic microbes. Linda C. Samuelson, PhD, previews the session. Learn more






















                                            Expert teams will tackle controversial topics in unique AASLD debate session


                                            Posted date: May 6, 2017


                                            Expert teams will tackle two of the most controversial topics in hepatology and GI endoscopy during Monday's AASLD Academic Debates session, providing attendees with a unique opportunity to hear both sides of the hot-button issues. ASGE Secretary John Vargo, MD, MPH, FASGE, will co-chair the session with AASLD Secretary Kimberly Ann Brown, MD, FAASLD. Learn more





















                                            SSAT Surgical Fellowship Fair will be held Saturday afternoon


                                            Posted date: May 6, 2017


                                            The SSAT Surgical Fellowship Fair offers medical students and surgical residents a chance to explore post-residency education opportunities in a relaxed environment. Representatives from major surgical programs will be on hand to discuss their specialties and answer questions during the fair, which will be held Saturday afternoon. All surgical trainees are invited to attend, according to Motaz Qadan, MD, PhD, a member of the SSAT Resident and Fellow Education Committee. Learn more
